---
title: 2024-09-26-DT
tags: CrossFit
---



5 sets
For Load:
3 Deadlift + 2 Hang Power Clean + 1 push jerk
must be unbroken


"**DT**"
Five rounds for time of:  
155 pound Deadlift, 12 reps  
155 pound Hang power clean, 9 reps  
155 pound Push jerk, 6 reps

## Brief (5:20-5:25)

I'm going to start with the workout of the day which is "DT". This is one of the more OG hero workouts. This was created for a sergeant in the Air force who was killed by an IED in 2009 in Afghanistan.

It's the definition of a grind. We have 12 deadlifts into 9 hang power cleans, and finishing with 6 push jerks. Repeated 5 times.

This is the type of workout that feels great the first two rounds, round 3 you start to feel whats up, and round 4 and 5 you can get into some trouble. You'll need to be smart with pacing from the start.

The classic strategy is do 11 deadlifts, drop. shake it out and hit your 12th deadlift to go into you hang cleans.  Ideally hit 8 hang cleans (5/3 in the later rounds) and drop the bar. Hang clean one last time into 6 unbroken push jerks, you really don't want to set the bar down here as it's wasted energy to get it back up.

Which brings us to our strength for today

We have a mini version of a round of DT for you to get heavy with. This will also gauge what weight you should be doing in the workout. I would start this complex at whatever weight you think you want to do for the work out and build from there to something heavy

## Warm up (5:25-5:35)
3 rounds
10/8 cal bike
10 banded good mornings
10 banded strict press
:30 E/S samson stretch

## Barbell Progression (5:35-5:42)

- 10 empty bar deadlifts
- 10 empty bar strict press
- Jump shrug
- High pull
- Power clean
- Push press
- Push jerk

## Strength (5:42-5:57)

## test / water break (5:57-6:02)

## Workout (6:02-6:17)